Ques 5: Describe the process of contributing to any open source project on Github in a step-by-step manner.

Sol:
Contributing to an open-source project on GitHub is as follows:

1. Find an Open source project:
Look for projects that interest you by searching on GitHub or other platforms . Familiarize yourself with the project by reading its README.md, documentation, and any other related materials.

2. Fork the Repository:
On the project’s GitHub page, click the "Fork" button in the top right corner. This creates a copy of the project under your GitHub account, allowing you to work on it independently without affecting the original project.

3. Clone the Forked Repository to Your Local Machine:
Use the following command to clone the forked repository to your local system:
  git clone https://github.com/your-username/project-name.git
Navigate into the cloned project folder:
  cd project-name

4.Create a New Branch:
Create a new branch for each feature or bug fix you plan to work on. This keeps the contributions organized.

5. Make Changes:
Implement the changes you want, whether it’s fixing a bug, adding a new feature, or improving documentation.

6. Commit changes:
After making and testing your changes, commit them by following command:
  git add .
  git commit -m "Fixed bug #1234: Describe the bug fix here"

7. Push the Changes to Your Fork:
ush your branch with the changes to your forked repository on GitHub:
  git push origin new-feature-branch

8. Create a pull request (PR):
Go to the original repository (upstream) and create a pull request. In the pull request description, explain the changes you made, referencing any related issue numbers.

9. Respond to feedback:
The maintainers of the project may request changes or improvements to your code. Be responsive, polite, and open to feedback. You can make changes by pushing new commits to the same branch, which will automatically update the pull request.

10. Wait for your PR to be merged:
Once your pull request has been reviewed and approved by the maintainers, it will be merged into the main project. 






